Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/curvy-readers-add.md

'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-persistence': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename DSL Persistence plugins and presets to use prefix `DSL_Persistence` instead of `DSLPersistence`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed plugins and presets to use the prefix `DSL_Persistence` instead of `DSLPersistence`
```
